It'll be a good idea to get yourself familiarized with this application,
which is a e-commerce application,
and just play around with all the controllers.
So that will give you a fair idea about what the application looks like and what are
the basic functionalities because we will be using this in order to implement JWT.
The [inaudible] also contains more information about application properties,
which is what we use in order to configure the H2 Database,
which is in-memory database.
I also have data SQL where I have inserted two items
so that when I run add item to the cart as well as submit,
these are the items that are available for me to
add so that I don't have to write another API for this.
That was a short walkthrough of this E-commerce application.
I'm sure if you shop online,
this should look very familiar to you.
It will obviously be a good idea to get yourself more familiarized with the controllers.
Let's see how we go ahead and implement JWT into this.